Daniel Zubarchuk

Day 1: 5/4/2017
	Today, we have officially decided to do Boxhead. We did research by 
	playing the game and seeing how everything works.
	
	Goal for Next Day: Start dividing up the roles and discussing ideas.
	
Day 2: 5/5/2017 
	Today, we changed our project idea and decided to do an RPG Game.
	I will be working with Joey on map,movement, AI movement, and display of map.	
	
	Goal for Next Day: Start working on map.
	
Day 3: 5/8/2017
	Today, I will start drawing out the map and 7 levels. My main focus should be the wall placement,
	enemy placement, and stairs placement. If the group requires me too, I will also place special items
	that the user can pick up.
	
	Goal for Next Day: Present the map with levels to my group and discuss what needs to be changed and 
	how we will change it.	
	
Day 4: 5/10/2017
	Presented the map with levels to the group and we are doing minor changes. I began coding
	basic things for the map layouts.
	
	Goal: Continue working on creating every level.
	
Day 5: 5/11/2017	
	Beginning of the period,Joey and I were testing the placement of one and two different walls.
	When we placed the wall, we started taking into consideration the two-dimensional array "aspect"
	of placing the walls. This resulted in me quickly redrawing level 1 of my previous drawn maps on a
	grid paper. This way we can have a visual representation how the walls will be placed(coordinates)
	in respect to the field. While I was drawing, Joey was working on placing the field of grass.
	At home, I will finish the grid versions of the maps and expand on the original ideas.
	
	Goal: Bring the revisioned drawings into class and begin coding the placement of walls.
	
Day 6: 5/12/2017	
	Revisioned drawings have been approved. Gathered the necessary sprites to start coding. Today,
	we placed the fields for the levels.
	
	Goal: Continue coding wall placement.
	
Day 7: 5/15/2017	
	Half way done coding the placement of walls for Floor 2.
	
	Goal: Finish walls placement in Floor 2 and start Floor 3 wall placement.	